it's library day today I wonder if I'll
be able to check out a book I'm kind of
worried I'm not very good with books I
keep dropping them mrs. Jones the
librarian she looks a little upset I
think she remembers the last time I
borrowed a book from the library one day
a couple of weeks ago I got home from
the library and there in the kitchen was
a slice of pizza with lots of gooey
cheese and my favorite pop I couldn't
resist I finished reading the book the
same time I finished eating the pizza
and then I saw it
tomato sauce had somehow moved from my
fingers to the pages of the book I had
to think fast the tomato sauce was still
wet maybe I could wash it out just a
little soap and water that should do it
boy did it ever know the pages will get
the tomatoes things didn't go away they
just got bigger oh maybe I couldn't make
the food stains go away but I could help
the book dry out all I needed was a
window with plenty of Sun that's when I
thought it couldn't get worse
my sister Sally a dog Rufus found the
book and Sally got through with it its
pages were torn the spine was ripped
apart Rufus
even chewed a couple of the corners
why was I in trouble I only had two
dollars and seventy seven cents left
over for my alone I wasn't gonna be
enough to pay for the book I decided to
take the book back to the library and as
it turned out mrs. Jones wasn't as angry
as I thought she would be although it
did cost me my two dollars and seventy
seven cents yeah twenty dollars more
than my mom had to pay she was a whole
lot more mad than mrs. Jones about that
so take it from Simon food in water
babies and crayons and pets are no
friends of books so it's up to you to be
the book's best friend and it will do
the same for you be a friend forever
you